/*
 * This file describes the name and the purpose of each file that is
 * distributed together with this module.  It should be used as a 
 * helpful guide in searching for the pertinent information.
 */

conf/
	- this directory contains sample configuration scripts that can
	be used to enable FastCGI support in the Apache web server.  Refer
	to the CONFIGURE file for the information about implementing sample
	configuration scripts in your server.

docs/
	- this directory contains various documentation information on the
	FastCGI module distribution.  Consult individual files on the 
	desired information.

docs/DEVNOTES
	- additional notes from module developers to other module developers
	in order to discuss possible implementation details, future ideas, etc.

docs/INSTALL
	- describes the installation process of the FastCGI module 
	distribution.  Covers basic installation instructions, as well as
	some possible server version dependencies.

docs/FILESET
	- this document, which describes the name and purpose of each file 
	in the module distribution.  Used as a starting point in the search
	of pertinent information.

docs/LICENSE.TERMS
	- contains the LICENSE agreement under which OpenMarket, Inc. 
	distributes the module.  Since this module is an unsupported version,
	but which is derived from the one provided by OpenMarket, it is 
	still covered by the same LICENSE agreement.

docs/README
	- track down changes to the module.  Useful in analysing new defects
	and keeping some module development history.

docs/README.OMI
	- original README file that was distributed with the module 
	distribution supplied by OpenMarket Inc. (OMI).  This file was left
	in as to remain some module history.

docs/TODO
	- a short list of planned future enhancements to the module.  Some 
	have been suggested by various module users, others have risen due
	to the changes in the Apache web server code.

docs/mod_fastcgi.html
	- help file (HTML format) describing the possible directives that
	can be used with the FastCGI module to control its execution.

tools/
	- this directory contains various shell tools that are used by the
	distribution for the installation and configuration.  Refer to the 
	INSTALL file for the module installation information.

tools/fcgi_install.sh
	- installation script used to install the module distribution for 
	the Apache web server.  It does some processing, adjusting Makefile
	as necessary and editing Configuration file.

Makefile.sample
	- sample Makefile that is used by the installation script to 
	generate the Makefile for the module.  This approach is used to
	auto-generate different Makefile for each version of the Apache
	web server.

fastcgi.h
	- protocol header describing various FastCGI protocol-related 
	data structures and definitions.

fcgivers.h
	- header file containing version information about current 
	FastCGI module distribution.

mod_fastcgi.h
mod_fastcgi.c






